.github/instructions/configuration.md, before:

# Configuration & Secrets

## Config File: `src/boss/config/boss_config.json`

```json
{
  "hardware": {
    "switch_pins": { "data": 8 },
    "mux_pins": { "s0": 23, "s1": 24, "s2": 25 },
    "button_pins": { "red": 26, "yellow": 19, "green": 13, "blue": 6 },
    "go_button_pin": 17,
    "led_pins": { "red": 21, "yellow": 20, "green": 16, "blue": 12 },
    "display_clk_pin": 5,
    "display_dio_pin": 4,
    "screen_width": 1024,
    "screen_height": 600,
    "audio_enabled": true
  },
  "system": {
    "default_timeout_seconds": 900,
    "log_level": "INFO",
    "log_dir": "logs",
    "event_bus_queue_size": 1000,
    "webui_port": 8080,
    "location": { "lat": 51.8167, "lon": -0.8146 },
    "dev_mode": false,
    "test_mode": false
  }
}
```

> **Pin assignments above match `docs/RPi-GPIO-Pin-Diagram.md` — the golden
> truth for all GPIO wiring.**

## Config Loading

`config_manager.get_effective_config()`:

1. Load JSON file
2. Apply environment overrides (`BOSS_LOG_LEVEL`, `BOSS_DEV_MODE`, etc.)
3. Validate via Pydantic `BossConfig` model
4. Return typed config object

## Environment Overrides

| Variable | Effect |
|----------|--------|
| `BOSS_LOG_LEVEL` | Override log level |
| `BOSS_DEV_MODE=1` | Enable dev features |
| `BOSS_TEST_MODE=1` | Force mock hardware |

## Secrets

`secrets_manager.py` provides a lazy, thread-safe singleton:

- **Precedence**: process env > secrets file > default
- **File search**: `BOSS_SECRETS_FILE` env → `secrets/secrets.env` → `/etc/boss/secrets.env`
- **Never** overrides real environment variables
- **Never** committed to git (`secrets/secrets.env` is gitignored)

### Usage

```python
from boss.config import secrets
api_key = secrets.get("WEATHER_API_KEY", default="")
```

### Template

`secrets/secrets.sample.env` documents all expected keys. Copy to `secrets.env` and fill in.

## App Mappings: `src/boss/config/app_mappings.json`

```json
{
  "app_mappings": {
    "0": "list_all_apps",
    "1": "hello_world",
    "255": "admin_shutdown"
  }
}
```

Maps switch values (0–255) to app directory names in `src/boss/apps/`.

Commit message:

Refactor configuration management and enhance admin UI
- Renamed `config_manager.get_effective_config()` to `config_manager.load_config()`.
- Introduced runtime admin overrides stored in `app_runtime_overrides.json` for editable app settings.
- Updated UI to include an admin page with global settings, app config overrides, and secrets management.
- Implemented saving and clearing of app config overrides in the new `app_runtime_config.py`.
- Enhanced `SecretsManager` to support setting, deleting, and listing secrets.
- Added unit tests for app config overrides and secrets management.
- Updated README to reflect new features and changes.

.github/instructions/configuration.md, after:

# Configuration & Secrets

## Config File: `src/boss/config/boss_config.json`

```json
{
  "hardware": {
    "switch_pins": { "data": 8 },
    "mux_pins": { "s0": 23, "s1": 24, "s2": 25 },
    "button_pins": { "red": 26, "yellow": 19, "green": 13, "blue": 6 },
    "go_button_pin": 17,
    "led_pins": { "red": 21, "yellow": 20, "green": 16, "blue": 12 },
    "display_clk_pin": 5,
    "display_dio_pin": 4,
    "screen_width": 1024,
    "screen_height": 600,
    "audio_enabled": true
  },
  "system": {
    "default_timeout_seconds": 900,
    "log_level": "INFO",
    "log_dir": "logs",
    "event_bus_queue_size": 1000,
    "webui_port": 8080,
    "location": { "lat": 51.8167, "lon": -0.8146 },
    "dev_mode": false,
    "test_mode": false
  }
}
```

> **Pin assignments above match `docs/RPi-GPIO-Pin-Diagram.md` — the golden
> truth for all GPIO wiring.**

## Config Loading

`config_manager.load_config()`:

1. Load JSON file
2. Apply environment overrides (`BOSS_LOG_LEVEL`, `BOSS_DEV_MODE`, etc.)
3. Validate via Pydantic `BossConfig` model
4. Return typed config object

## Environment Overrides

| Variable | Effect |
|----------|--------|
| `BOSS_LOG_LEVEL` | Override log level |
| `BOSS_DEV_MODE=1` | Enable dev features |
| `BOSS_TEST_MODE=1` | Force mock hardware |

## Runtime Admin Overrides

- Admin-edited app settings are stored separately from manifests in
  `src/boss/config/app_runtime_overrides.json`.
- The app manifest `config` remains the default source-of-truth in git.
- At app launch, runtime overrides are merged over manifest config values.
- This currently powers editable Admin config for `countdown_to_event`.

## Secrets

`secrets_manager.py` provides a lazy, thread-safe singleton:

- **Precedence**: process env > secrets file > default
- **File search**: `BOSS_SECRETS_FILE` env → `secrets/secrets.env` → `/etc/boss/secrets.env`
- **Never** overrides real environment variables
- **Never** committed to git (`secrets/secrets.env` is gitignored)
- Supports admin writes/deletes via `SecretsManager.set(...)` and `SecretsManager.delete(...)`

### Usage

```python
from boss.config.secrets_manager import SecretsManager

secrets = SecretsManager()
api_key = secrets.get("WEATHER_API_KEY", default="")
```

### Template

`secrets/secrets.sample.env` documents all expected keys. Copy to `secrets.env` and fill in.

## App Mappings: `src/boss/config/app_mappings.json`

```json
{
  "app_mappings": {
    "0": "list_all_apps",
    "1": "hello_world",
    "255": "admin_shutdown"
  }
}
```

Maps switch values (0–255) to app directory names in `src/boss/apps/`.
